ref格式：哈佛或者APA  	使用四种不同类型的引用：期刊，网页，报纸文章，书籍
要求有附录
Turnitin剽窃监测系统
coversheet封面形式

structure of a research paper
title
abstract
introduction
methodology
results
discussion
conclusion
references

Network Effects and Personal Influences: The Diffusion of an Online Social Network. 
Katona, Zsolt;Zubcsek, Peter Pal;Sarvary, Miklos 
Journal of Marketing Research (JMR), Jun 01, 2011; Vol. 48, No. 3, p. 425-443 
This article discusses the diffusion process in an online social network given the ind... more 
Article Info:Network Effects and Personal Influences: The Diffusion of an Online Social Network. Journal of Marketing Research (JMR), Jun 01, 2011; Vol. 48, No. 3, p. 425-443 This article discusses the diffusion process in an online social network given the individual connections between members. The authors model the adoption decision of individuals as a binary choice affected by three factors: (1) the local network structure formed by already adopted neighbors, (2) the average characteristics of adopted neighbors (influencers), and (3) the characteristics of the potential adopters. Focusing on the first factor, the authors find two marked effects. First, an individual who is connected to many adopters has a greater adoption probability (degree effect). Second, the density of connections in a group of already adopted consumers has a strong positive effect on the adoption of individuals connected to this group (clustering effect). The article also records significant effects for influencer and adopter characteristics. For adopters, specifically, the authors find that position in the entire network and some demographic variables are good predictors of adoption. Similarly, in the case of already adopted individuals, average demographics and global network position can predict their influential power on their neighbors. An interesting counterintuitive finding is that the average influential power of individuals decreases with the total number of their contacts. These results have practical implications for viral marketing, a context in which a variety of technology platforms are increasingly considering leveraging their consumers' revealed connection patterns. The model performs particularly well in predicting the next set of adopters. 
Database: Business Source Complete 


dismiss...as...把...视作...而不予以考虑
viable切实可行的，能养活的，有望实现的
viable alternative可行的选择
viable solution可行的方案
biographical传记的，传记体的，关于生平的
paraphrase概述，意译
matchless无比的，无双的，无法媲美的，无敌于天下，无出其右，独一无二
matchless honesty无比忠实的
matchless courage无比的勇气
timeless永恒的，永久的，不受时间影响的，长期有效的，不合时宜的
timeless永久的，恒久美好的，不受时间影响的
There is a timeless quality to his best work.
他最好的作品不会因时间流逝而逊色。
the timeless appeal of her designs。。。
她所设计作品的永久魅力
Humility is a timeless virtue that's appreciated by everyone
谦虚，是所有人都赞赏的永恒的美德。
priceless无价的，极贵重的；宝贵的，极其有用的
They are priceless,unique and irreplaceable.
它们是独一无二、不可替代的无价之宝.
invaluable非常有用的
worthless表示没有什么价值
dimension方面，部分
This adds a new dimension to our work.
这给我们的工作增添了新的内容.
（情况或问题的）范围，规模，程度
If you talk about the dimensions of a situation or problem, you are talking about
its extent and size. 
He considers the dimensions of the problem...
他考虑了问题的严重程度
The dimensions of the market collapse were certainly not anticipated
股市崩盘的严重程度的确是没有预料到的。
维度；

sabotage V.蓄意破坏，怠工，对...采取破坏行动，破坏
empirical凭经验的，经验主义的，以观察或实验为依据的
There is no empirical evidence to support his thesis.
他的论文缺乏实验证据的支持。
empirical fact经验事实
bird's-eye view鸟瞰，鸟瞰图
myriad无数的，种种的
n.无数，极大数量，无数的人或物
impede防止，阻碍，妨碍
peripheral外围的，次要的，
n.外围设备
underutilized未充分利用的


resilience恢复力，弹力，顺应力
an array of 一排，一群，一批，一系列；大量的
an array of promises一系列承诺
an array of industries一系列行业
articulate清楚地发音，言语表达
发音清晰的，善于表达的
at the forefront of 处于最前列，进入重要地位（或主要地位）
at the forefront of technology
It's great to see a large technology company like IBM at the forefront of this trend.
我们很高兴看到像IBM这样的一所大型科技公司能够走在潮流的最前沿.
popular=prevalent
counterproductive产生相反效果的，事与愿违的，适得其反的
virtualization虚拟化
moral道德的，道义上的，精神上的，
give off=leak
disclosure n.公开，泄露，揭露
disclosure of personal information
give off personal information
cyberbully网霸，网络欺凌，指通过电子邮件、即时对话、站点、博客留言；
以及手机等电子方式
现在通讯技术发达了，人与人之间的沟通方式也很多元化。这样也就催生了很多新的社会元素，
比如原来会有“街霸”，整天游手好闲，欺负别人；现在就有了“网霸”，专门利用网络、
手机等电子设备在虚拟的空间里对看不顺眼的人进行攻击，这类人在英文里叫做cyber-bully。

Cyber-bullies may disclose victims' personal data (e.g.m real name, address, 
or workplace/schools) at websites or forums or may pose as the identity of a 
victim for the purpose of publishing material in their name that defames or 
ridicules them. Some cyber-bullies may also send threatening and harassing 
emails and instant messages to the victims, while other post rumors or gossip
 and instigate others to dislike and gang up on the target.

网霸们可能会在网站或者论坛上公布其攻击对象的个人资料（如真实姓名，地址，工作或
学校地点等），也有可能会以对方的名义发布一些会让其名誉受损的内容。还有些网霸会
给对方发送威胁或骚扰邮件、短信，也有的会四处散布谣言使对方成为别人围攻的对象。


confide吐露（秘密，心事），委托，托付
unprecedented前所未有的，空前的，史无前例的
conceive设想，想出，怀孕
I cannot conceive of him as a genius.我不能设想他会是一个天才.
I cannot conceive that he would wish to harm us.
spearhead
n.先锋，前锋，先头部队，矛头，枪尖
v.当。。。的先锋，带头
critique n.评论文章，评论，批评，批判
vt.发表评论，批判
replicate vt.复制，重复，反复，折转
adj.复制的，折叠的
n.复制品
monitor
surveillance	n.监督，（法）管制，监视
The police kept the criminal under constant/strict surveillance.
警察严密监视那个罪犯
He is still under police surveillance.
他仍然受到警方的监视。
proximity	n.接近，邻近，距离，亲近
Families are no longer in close proximity to each other.
intwine 缠结在一起，使缠结，纠缠，编结，（使）密切关联，密切联系
Their destinies are intertwined.
他们的命运交织在一起
reconstitute重组，使恢复原状
porous松懈的
impeachment弹劾，控告，怀疑
anti-government反政府
harness利用，管理，控制
amateur业余的
drastically=dramatically猛烈地，剧烈地，激烈地，彻底地
regime政权，政体，社会制度，管理体制
force out迫使离开，挤掉，把。。。赶走
set aside把。。。放置一旁，不理会，取消，留出
 cyber bullying网络欺凌
cyber stalking 计算机跟踪威胁，网络骚扰
online predator在线攻击者

 (A report indicated that the total amount of Facebook user in the Arab world
 has reached 21.3 million in December increased by 78% in 2010,. As is known 
to all, there are frequent political activities over these countries. In terms of 
Philippine President Joseph Estrada’s impeachment trial, text messages 
enabled activists to conduct a protest in Manila, followed by the arrival of 
more than one million people. It was the strong force of social media that 
made the national leader dismissed during the event. In 2009, Facebook, 
LiveJourna and Twitter were utilized to form protests and attract attention 
to political unrest in the former Soviet republic. The strengths of Twitter and
 other social network services brought the rapid spread of word, accounts, 
video and pictures. (review) In short, social network has played an indispensable
 role during these social upheavals.)

group gather聚集，组织
residence community居民小区
最新的 first-hand latest newest up-to-date

occupation职业
affiliation与...联系在一起
turn against敌对，反对
aggravating使恶化的，加重的，恼人的
annoying

inevitable trend必然的趋势
develop new customers开拓新客户
regular customers老主顾
stringent严厉的，严格的，紧迫的，迫切的
stringent specification高标准
have access to
gain access to
obtain access to
provide access to

detrimental有害的
undermine破坏，摧毁
destroy
disclose公开，揭露，泄露 unveil
disclosure
assistant professor助教
associate professor副教授
register 注册
sign up
require demand ask要求

























