ref格式：哈佛或者APA  	使用四种不同类型的引用：期刊，网页，报纸文章，书籍
要求有附录
Turnitin剽窃监测系统
coversheet封面形式

structure of a research paper
title
abstract
introduction
methodology
results
discussion
conclusion
references

Network Effects and Personal Influences: The Diffusion of an Online Social Network. 
Katona, Zsolt;Zubcsek, Peter Pal;Sarvary, Miklos 
Journal of Marketing Research (JMR), Jun 01, 2011; Vol. 48, No. 3, p. 425-443 
This article discusses the diffusion process in an online social network given the ind... more 
Article Info:Network Effects and Personal Influences: The Diffusion of an Online Social Network. Journal of Marketing Research (JMR), Jun 01, 2011; Vol. 48, No. 3, p. 425-443 This article discusses the diffusion process in an online social network given the individual connections between members. The authors model the adoption decision of individuals as a binary choice affected by three factors: (1) the local network structure formed by already adopted neighbors, (2) the average characteristics of adopted neighbors (influencers), and (3) the characteristics of the potential adopters. Focusing on the first factor, the authors find two marked effects. First, an individual who is connected to many adopters has a greater adoption probability (degree effect). Second, the density of connections in a group of already adopted consumers has a strong positive effect on the adoption of individuals connected to this group (clustering effect). The article also records significant effects for influencer and adopter characteristics. For adopters, specifically, the authors find that position in the entire network and some demographic variables are good predictors of adoption. Similarly, in the case of already adopted individuals, average demographics and global network position can predict their influential power on their neighbors. An interesting counterintuitive finding is that the average influential power of individuals decreases with the total number of their contacts. These results have practical implications for viral marketing, a context in which a variety of technology platforms are increasingly considering leveraging their consumers' revealed connection patterns. The model performs particularly well in predicting the next set of adopters. 
Database: Business Source Complete 


dismiss...as...把...视作...而不予以考虑
viable切实可行的，能养活的，有望实现的
viable alternative可行的选择
viable solution可行的方案
biographical传记的，传记体的，关于生平的
paraphrase概述，意译
matchless无比的，无双的，无法媲美的，无敌于天下，无出其右，独一无二
matchless honesty无比忠实的
matchless courage无比的勇气
timeless永恒的，永久的，不受时间影响的，长期有效的，不合时宜的
timeless永久的，恒久美好的，不受时间影响的
There is a timeless quality to his best work.
他最好的作品不会因时间流逝而逊色。
the timeless appeal of her designs。。。
她所设计作品的永久魅力
Humility is a timeless virtue that's appreciated by everyone
谦虚，是所有人都赞赏的永恒的美德。
priceless无价的，极贵重的；宝贵的，极其有用的
They are priceless,unique and irreplaceable.
它们是独一无二、不可替代的无价之宝.
invaluable非常有用的
worthless表示没有什么价值
dimension方面，部分
This adds a new dimension to our work.
这给我们的工作增添了新的内容.
（情况或问题的）范围，规模，程度
If you talk about the dimensions of a situation or problem, you are talking about
its extent and size. 
He considers the dimensions of the problem...
他考虑了问题的严重程度
The dimensions of the market collapse were certainly not anticipated
股市崩盘的严重程度的确是没有预料到的。
维度；

sabotage V.蓄意破坏，怠工，对...采取破坏行动，破坏
empirical凭经验的，经验主义的，以观察或实验为依据的
There is no empirical evidence to support his thesis.
他的论文缺乏实验证据的支持。
empirical fact经验事实





















