intermediate中间的，中级的；中间物，中间人；调解，干涉
the ski school coaches beginners，intermediates and advanced skiers.
offset抵消，补偿；把。。。并列；
moderation适度，自我节制，稳定，镇定；温和，中庸；适度地，有节制地
evaporate消失，蒸发
in place of代替，取代
the United Nations联合国
Secretary General秘书长
moderation and deep sense of responsibility中庸之道和强烈的责任感
Fats and oils can be used in moderation。可以适当使用脂油。
paraphrase改述，意译；转述
debt-to-GDP ratio债务与国内生产总值的比例，债务率
sound finance健全财政，稳健财政
public finance公共经济
interest rate利息率，利率（宏观经济调控的重要工具之一，为利息与本金的百分比计算，借款人需向所借金钱付出的代价）
economy recession经济萧条
inflation通货膨胀
deflation通货紧缩
persistent increase持续上升
persistent decline/decrease持续下降
fund为...提供资金，提供资金偿付的本息
 impotent无力的，虚弱的，无效的 （医）阳痿的
entail使蒙受，使产生，使承担 （法）限定（继承人），遗留给，转给
势必造成，使。。。必然发生，使。。。成为必需
Such a decision would entail huge political risk
assume predict project假设，预计
cash reserve现金储备，准备金，现金余额
component vendor零部件供应商
sluggishness不振，萧条，呆滞，惰性，滞性，惯性
sluggish懒洋洋的，缓慢的，有气无力地
the economy remains sluggish经济发展仍然非常缓慢
circulation is much more sluggish in the feet than in the hands
the sluggish pace of reform改革的缓慢步伐
the sluggishness of Britain‘s economy recovery英国经济的缓慢复苏
legislation立法，制定法律，法规  legislative power立法权
pick up=increase
monetary policy货币政策，金融政策 loose monetary policy宽松的货币政策
government intervention政府干预
stave off 避开，延迟，推迟 avoid
functional finance：it seeks to eliminate insecurity through government intervention in the economy
it is based on three major beliefs：
1、It is the role of government to stave off inflation and unemployment by controling consumer
spending through the raising and lowering the taxes。
2、The purpose of government borrowing and lending is to control interest rates，investment 
levels and inflation。
3、The government should print，hoard and destroy money as it sees fit to achieve these goals。
intervene干预
reverse逆转 reverse any negative economic trend
保持在。。。水平之下 under a certain level
debt ratio负债比例
fiscal surplus财政盈余
financial leverage财政杠杆
quantitative easing 量化宽松政策（扩大一定数量的货币发行）
quantitative easing monetary policy 量化宽松货币政策
该政策通常是往常规货币政策对经济刺激无效的情况下才被货币当局采用
a double-edged sword双刃剑
it will help ease financial shortage for the moment
but in the long run， it will also have the potential of the inflation after economic
recovery。

Analysts say the bank's options include effectively printing
money to buy assets in the open market in order to bring
down longer-term interest rates, a policy called quantitative easing

安全隐患potential safety hazard
              security risk
	hidden threat against safety

第五页概述了functional finance的内容
soar飙升
government borrowing政府借款，公债，政府举债
Taxation，government borrowing and monetary inflation all
produce negative economic consequences。
national debt，government debt国债

be applicable to适用于
hoarding储蓄，积蓄 printing，hoarding and destroying money
withdrawal收回，撤销，停止；退出；取款，提款
doctrine法律原则，声明；教条，教义
revenue收入 expenditure，spending支出

政府支出增大会使利率和收入同时增加，
而中央银行增加货币供给会使收入增加而利率下降（IS-LM模型）

contemporary当代的，现代的，同时代的
同一时期的人
discretionary自由决定的
diminish减小，减弱，降低
liquidity流动性，流动资金，资产流动性

distinct有区别的，不同的；清楚的，明显的
expansionary扩张性的，刺激经济扩张的
expansionary economy policy is intended to expand the
economy of a country。

They demanded a more expansionary economy to combat
rising unemployment。

from the outset从一开始
This time the monetary and fiscal policy is expansionary from
the outset。
This is supposed to be an expansionary monetary policy 
designed to promote economic recovery。
量化宽松被认为是一种扩张性的货币政策，意图推动经济复苏。
vagary出乎意料的变化，难以预测的转变

full employment充分就业，完全就业
The recovery from the depression is often described as slow
because America did not return to full employment until
after the outbreak（爆发）of the second world war。

democracy民众，民主国家；民主主义；民主政治；民主制度
policy deliberation政策协商，政策审议
global financial crisis（GFC）全球经济危机
explicit version完整详实的版本
explicit 清晰的，明确的，清楚的，详述的
制定政策 develop a policy
critique评论文章，评论，批评，批判
V发表评论，批判

indispensable不可缺少的，绝对必要的，责无旁贷的，不可避开的
necessary
essential
vital
近义词
RBA=reserve bank ofAustralia
inevitable不可避免的，必然发生的














