identification鉴定，识别，验明，身份证明，认同
Early identification of a disease can prevent death and illnesses
There should be some identification of goals，and how
far they have been achieved。应该对目标加以明确，并确认完成情况。
He‘s made a formal identification about the body.
他正式确认了死者身份。
NSA美国国家安全局
shoulder-surfing肩窥
In computer security，shoulder surfing refers to using direct observation techniques，
such as looking over someone‘s shoulder，to get information。Shoulder surfing
is particularly effective in crowded places because it is relatively easy to observe someone
as they：fill out a form，enter their PIN at an POS terminal，etc。
在计算机安全领域，肩窥指（站在别人身后）越过肩膀探看别人操作
获取信息的做法。这种方式在填表、在POS机上输密码等人多拥挤的场合
更为适用。
radio frequency detection无线电频率检测
interception侦听，拦截
brute force暴力，强制	brute force method/brute force approach强力法
spellchecker拼写检查程序，拼写检查器
underlying framework底层框架 
empirical凭经验的，经验主义的
malware attack恶意攻击
peripheral外围设备，外部设备

empirical study经验研究，根据实验研究
terminology术语，专门名词，用辞
buffer overflow缓冲区溢出，缓冲溢出
Now，the buffer overflow is the most security problem in software。
empirically based research基于实验的研究
punctuation标点符号
impersonate模拟，假冒
scam诡计，阴谋，骗局
legitimate合法的，合理的；正规的；真正的，真实的
biometric计量生物学（第二张ppt第五页）
the use of biometric information such as fingerprints
对指纹等生物统计学信息的使用
face recognition人脸识别，表情识别
Twitter是一个社交网络的网站
overload使负担太重，使超载，超过负荷
n.过多，过量，超负荷
Don't overload the boat or it will sink别超载，否则船会沉
Some were so overloaded that their suspension collapsed
一些列车严重超载，结果悬架都断裂了。
57 percent complained of work overload
57%的人抱怨工作负担过重
The bar waiter was already overloaded with orders.
这位酒吧侍者已经应付不过来客人的点单。
data integrity数据完整性
access control存取（访问）控制
locked-down system锁定系统
locked-down client锁定的用户端
jailbroken越狱，破解
proprietary专利的
surge激增，急剧上升，突飞猛进，飞涨
vetting数据检查（核对，核实）
vet兽医A vet is qualified to treat sick or injured animals.
退伍军人，老兵，老战士
检查，审查
supremacy至高无上，最高权力，霸权
If one group has supremacy over another，it means that the former have more 
political and military power than the latter.
application screening评审 筛选
Application screening is the review and evaluation of applications.


The major global players have not yet found a way to gain supremacy in the Chinese market.
全球的玩家至今还没找到一个有效的方式在中国市场上取得优势。

security token安全性令牌

anti-theft防盗软件（iphone）

outline emphasis focus重点强调













